
Postman

no CORS import at the top only preflight

Assignment: Resourceful
Requirements
Resource
Define a single resource that your web application will manage. Also define a simple data model for your resource that includes at least five attributes (not including the unique identifier).
Server API
Using Python, create a server web application which implements an API that supports full CRUD operations for your resource, according to the following specifications:

Five RESTful routes, each implemented using the appropriate request method and path, response headers, and response status codes (including any error conditions):

List: returns a JSON representation of the collection’s members.

Retrieve: returns a JSON representation of a single member in the collection, as specified by the unique identifier given as a path parameter.

Create: creates a new member within the collection, as specificed by the data parameters given in the request body.

Replace: updates an existing member in the collection, as specified by the unique identifier given as a path parameter, and by the data parameters given in the request body.

Delete: removes an existing member from the collection, as specified by the unique identifier given as a path parameter.

CORS should be implemented server-wide in order to support Ajax requests from client applications. This should include support for both simple requests and preflighted requests, by implementing the OPTIONS method appropriately.

If a request is received that does not conform to the RESTful routes defined above, then the server should return an appropriate error response, with the correct status code, headers, and content body that properly explain the reason for the response. This should include requests for an invalid route (method/path pair), and requests that specify a nonexistent member of the collection.

Database
Using SQLite, create a valid database schema sufficient to store data records according to the data model that you defined to represent your resource.

Within your server application, create a Python class to encapsulate all database logic for your application. This class will then be utilized by each of the RESTful actions implemented by the server API to interface with the database for all CRUD operations.

Client
Using JavaScript, create a client web application that communicates with your server application, using its API, on behalf of the user, with the following:

A list showing the collection of members for your resource, with at least two of the attributes displayed for each member in the list. The list should be able to clearly and effectively display many records. The data for the list should be requested using the appropriate API endpoint. The list should remain updated with any changes made via the functionality described below, using API requests as necessary to receive updated data.

A form used to create a new member in the collection, as well as to update an existing member. The form should include a field for each attribute belonging to your resource. When updating, the form fields should be pre-filled such that the user may quickly make a change without re-entering the values. The data from the form should be sent using the appropriate API endpoints.

Buttons and/or links which accommodate any needed UI transitions, such as to display an empty form to create a new member, or to display a pre-filled form to update an existing member.

A delete button or link associated to each record that allows the user to remove a member from the collection, after confirming the action with the user (hint: use the confirm() method).

Optionally, a read-only list of all attributes and associated values for a single member in the collection, using data requested by the retrieve API endpoint. Alternatively, it is sufficient for the user to view the attributes of each member via the pre-filled form described above, using data requested by the list API endpoint.

All data sent to and received from the server API should be implemented using Ajax requests.

You may take liberties to modify your application’s features and purpose from that described above, but the overall specifications and structure listed above should still be met.

Make your application look professional and presentable. Use valid HTML and CSS to structure and style your application.







sqlite mydb.db.    //adding filename is how you make it persistent
CREATE TABLE schedule (id INTEGER PRIMARY KEY, type TEXT, code INTEGER, layman TEXT, semester TEXT);
INSERT INTO schedule (type, code, layman, semester) VALUES ('math', 1210, 'calc 1', 'FA25');
INSERT INTO schedule (type, code, layman, semester) VALUES ('se', 3200, 'web app 1', 'FA25');
INSERT INTO schedule (type, code, layman, semester) VALUES ('cs', 3005, 'c++', 'FA25');
INSERT INTO schedule (type, code, layman, semester) VALUES ('cs', 2450, 'software engineering', 'FA25');
INSERT INTO schedule (type, code, layman, semester) VALUES ('cs', 4992, 'seminar', 'FA25');
SELECT * FROM schedule; 


should sketch and write out types



Travel Log




requirements:

Using Python, create a server web application which implements an API that receives, stores, and returns simple messages, according to the following specifications:

Two RESTful routes:

POST /messages: receives a message within the body of the request and records the message in the message log, by writing (appending) the message to a file on the local filesystem. The server should respond appropriately with the status code 201 Created. No response body content is necessary.

GET /messages: returns all messages contained within the message log, by reading the messages from the file on the local filesystem. The data should be returned as a JSON array within the response body, and the server should respond appropriately with the status code 200 OK and the Content-Type response header set correctly.

Both routes should be implemented according to REST standards. Test both of your routes using a tool such as Postman or curl.

CORSLinks to an external site.  should be implemented server-wide in order to support Ajax requests from client applications.

If a GET or POST request is received that does not conform to the paths defined above (or any others that you choose to implement), then the server should return an appropriate Not Found response, with the correct status code, and content that properly explains the reason for this response. The content type may be plain text or HTML; set the response header correctly.

Using JavaScript, create a client web application that communicates with your server application, using its API, on behalf of the user, with the following:

A simple form that allows the user to enter a message and click a button to record their message. Upon submission, the message should be sent to the server API using the Fetch API, using the appriorate API route above. The form should be styled to allow the user to easily enter a message of any length.

A list of messages that contains all messages returned by the server API, displayed in the order they are given. The messages should be requested from the server API using the Fetch API, using the appropriate API route above. The list should be styled to cleanly display a large list of messages, containing messages of any length.

After the user submits a new message to the server API, the list should be refreshed to reflect the new message. After the server responds from the initial request which sent the message, a subsequent request should be made to refresh the list.

All data sent and received to and from the server API should be implemented using Ajax requests.

You may take liberties to modify your application’s features and purpose from that described above, but the overall specifications and structure listed above should still be met.

Make your application look professional and presentable. Use valid HTML and CSS to structure and style your application.

No third-party JavaScript or CSS libraries or frameworks may be used without prior instructor permission.